I have to beat him at everything!
Otherwise, I'll... I'll...
Hey, the match is over.
Wh-What's he doing?
Disappear.
Finral!
These wounds are awful.
At this rate...
Hey!
Just try and do something else.
Forget the match. We'll kill you.
You bastard...
How dare you do that to Finral?!
Th-This is too awful!
You actually pissed me off.
I won't forgive you!
Oh?
There's something wrong with you!
The match was already over!
Petit Clover
Petit Clover!
Hairstyle
Hairstyle.
That new spell is awesome!
Fallen Angel's Weightlifting!
That's Fallen Angel's Wingbeat.
I mean, I know when I need to get tough.
It's the result of trying different things.
So is your new hairstyle also
from trying different things?
Oh, really?
Huh? Wait, no...
I'm sure you tried out a regent pompadour.
As well as Captain Yami's hairstyle.
And soft serve hair, la!
That's poo—
This looks pretty strong!
If you do Marie's hairstyle, I'll kill you.
I-I like this hairstyle.
I think this one is better.
I-It's just a better option, that's all.
How about something a bit more mature?
This is the hairstyle for when
you go beyond your limits!
Uh, seriously...
I wanted to see this
hairstyle on you, Finral!
When it comes to me in this series,
my hair should be the least of your worries!
Praise me!
Your daring and resolute king presents...
Next time on Black Clover, Page 81:
"The Life of a Certain Man."
Page 81
Praise me!